{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww29200\viewh18400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Product Details\
Key Features\
\
Aashirvaad Superior MP Atta uses the 4-step advantage process of sourcing, 3-step cleaning, no-touch packaging & nutri-lock.\
Wheat is sourced from 6500+ selection centers across India.\
The grains undergo a 3-step cleaning process.\
With the mechanised packaging, the atta remains untouched.\
The Nutri-lock retains the nourishment of whole wheat.\
Unit\
\
5 kg\
Atta Type\
\
Whole Wheat Atta\
Shelf Life\
\
3 months\
Manufacturer Details\
\
ITC Limited, 37, J.L. Nehru Road, Kolkata- 700071\
Marketed By\
\
ITC Limited, 37, J.L. Nehru Road, Kolkata- 700071\
Country Of Origin\
\
India\
FSSAI License\
\
10012031000312\
Customer Care Details\
\
Email: info@blinkit.com\
Return Policy\
\
This Item is non-returnable. For a damaged, defective, incorrect or expired item, you can request a replacement within 72 hours of delivery.\
In case of an incorrect item, you may raise a replacement or return request only if the item is sealed/ unopened/ unused and in original condition.\
Seller\
\
SUPERWELL COMTRADE PRIVATE LIMITED\
Seller FSSAI\
\
13323999000038\
Description\
\
Sourced from select centers, Aashirvaad Superior MP Atta is Made in India. 100% pure whole wheat atta. The grains undergo a 3-step cleaning process & mechanised packaging for zero human contact. They go through 'chakki-grinding' process to lock-in the nutrients. The dietary fibres & nutrients help improve digestion & immunity. The dough absorbs more water keeping the rotis soft for longer period.\
Disclaimer\
\
Every effort is made to maintain accuracy of all information. However, actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information. It is recommended not to solely rely on the information presented.\
}